>> Steve Kinney: Guess who's
turn it is now, it's yours.
So we know the NoteView,
>> Steve Kinney: NoteView is
using this Markdown component.
We know that the Markdown component
right now is taking up 28 kilobytes.
I've got some news for you about character
entities, they're together [LAUGH] right?
Which is another 25, so
that's another initial 10%, right?
Or it's currently at this point
20% of our resulting bundle
that we don't need immediately.
So it would be great if we
could use the same technique,
create a loadable NoteView.
Then go to the NoteView container and swap
out NoteView for the loadable NoteView.
And then we'll come back together and
we'll be able to reanalyze it.
I'm gonna make a branch on
this called live coding.
I'm gonna push out what I have
right now so you can pull it down.
If you didn't like yarn install or mpm
install, you can have those dependencies.
You can take it for a spin and
see how it goes, and
then we'll do it together
in about 20 minutes.